all for free the bertin also thanks to the League of Champions
That's why it matters that the termination of the contract has gone well.
our special report today
I'll talk to my family.
the joca and if you want to say what you think of press of são paulo juca telles
not very effective
so if you do not know juca you'll meet now
it was a game of singular avatar since today one of the bands of the moral we are
confident in our strength that the Gaddafi whose body was only making a scene the
federal income tax
the intimidation the brightness in the eyes
young
future vision
cell phone bluetooth
communication students
are they that here some
in reporting the truths
he told reporters
serious people
but this will take a little while so you can relax by the pool
take care of the house
young people from different areas of communication
for davi without pocket and script ephron championship fortune
already to the health
right after the start
eight São Paulo colleges meet once a year
the athletes stay camped for four days and face each other in several
sports
including football
and sure
was therefore to celebrate
only in the three points and
then that wonderful group and the league that these measures
I then went to play a lot
as every sport has concentration before the game that concentration here
concentration of people
in the night club
the fine ball rolls the packaged ball and
area of ​​the lagoon in the
ballad retreating the handsome exhibitors meet to discuss philosophy
politics
much concern about basic sanitation the world crisis
this chance jadson neighbors helped
after analysis
and then in the early morning and even harassment type 7 in the morning
Is everyone with your face to the team said alexandre de peter
I do not vote for the rapporteur because it does not go well but
and we can have
the reporter there at our door and left everything combined that was I'm going to say a
business here when i finished the ses start batuques
is the battery that was hired to cheer on the athletes who are dying of
sleep that went out last night
only that the battery also did not sleep the battery was also in the ballad so
see the combibloc reporter and see what happens
the cove beach the athletes have been awake
the crowd
has an important role
italy will make the thing is a teacher
That's what we throw in the hard face of opportunity to say what I'm
to work
I'm going to say anything
Caesar Sky
there is a food limitation
You have to respect anyone with respect.
her great-grandfather's parents
the club goes to the mother do not pick up on the super bowl unsportsmanlike foul and the
quoted terminal markin quoted was the general champion of college games
communication and arts
marcelo brown and a demonstration that everything is possible to party at night and
pro game of the day
according to renault
the burning of this half field